Add definitions for factory builder terms (#166)
Leafwing-Studios/Emergence: design/src/glossary.md

> ### Belt

Reviewer: Belts can have sides, which is an important gameplay difference wihin the genre.

Author: Do you mean the two-side split in Factorio or the direction the belt is facing?

Reviewer: The two-side split.

- [Satisfactory: Conveyor belt](https://satisfactory.fandom.com/wiki/Conveyor_Belt)
- [Dyson Sphere Program: Conveyor belt](https://dyson-sphere-program.fandom.com/wiki/Conveyor_Belt)

### Bot

Bots are units which can automate specific player actions.
They often require a lot more upfront investments than machines, but are a lot more flexible.
Compared to machines, bots can move around freely.
Some actions can only be automated through bots, e.g. constructing new entities.

**Examples**:

- [Factorio: Construction robot](https://wiki.factorio.com/Construction_robot)
- [Factorio: Logistic robot](https://wiki.factorio.com/Logistic_robot)

### Blueprint

Blueprints are placeholders for multiple entities to be constructed.
They can serve as a planning tool for the player, but also be used as instructions for bots.
Often, blueprints can be shared between players and/or be reused during the game.

**Examples**:

- [Factorio: Blueprint](https://wiki.factorio.com/Blueprint)
- [Factorio: Ghost](https://wiki.factorio.com/Ghost)
- [Satisfactory: Blueprint designer](https://satisfactory.fandom.com/wiki/Blueprint_Designer)

### Clipboard

> Similar to blueprints, the clipboards allows the quick reuse of factory layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to blueprints, the clipboard allows the quick reuse of factory layouts.
```

### Belt

A belt is a simple logistic entity which transports goods in a single direction.
Multiple belts need to be chained together to provide effective transportation.
Belts usually have a maximum amount of goods they can transport per unit of time.
They can transport any type of solid goods and different goods can be mixed.

**Examples**:

- [Factorio: Transport belt](https://wiki.factorio.com/Transport_belt)
- [Satisfactory: Conveyor belt](https://satisfactory.fandom.com/wiki/Conveyor_Belt)
- [Dyson Sphere Program: Conveyor belt](https://dyson-sphere-program.fandom.com/wiki/Conveyor_Belt)

### Bot

Bots are units which can automate specific player actions.
They often require a lot more upfront investments than machines, but are a lot more flexible.
Compared to machines, bots can move around freely.
Some actions can only be automated through bots, e.g. constructing new entities.

**Examples**:

- [Factorio: Construction robot](https://wiki.factorio.com/Construction_robot)
- [Factorio: Logistic robot](https://wiki.factorio.com/Logistic_robot)

### Blueprint

> Blueprints are placeholders for multiple entities to be constructed.

Reviewer: This should also mention that entity settings are saved.

The distribution of power is usually separated from the distribution of other resources
(e.g. through an electric network).

- [Factorio: Electric system](https://wiki.factorio.com/Electric_system)
- [Satisfactory: Power](https://satisfactory.fandom.com/wiki/Power)
- [Dyson Sphere Program: Power](https://dyson-sphere-program.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Power)

### Research

Research is the main means of progression.
Researching new technologies unlocks more machines, enables more advanced processes or improves existing features.
Research is usually very expensive to pace the game.

**Examples**:

- [Factorio: Research](https://wiki.factorio.com/Research)
- [Satisfactory: Milestones](https://satisfactory.fandom.com/wiki/Milestones)
- [Dyson Sphere Program: Research](https://dyson-sphere-program.fandom.com/wiki/Research)

### Resource

An item that can be processed further to produce different items.

There are different types of resources:

- **Raw resource**: A foundational resource that can be extracted directly from the environment.
- **Intermediate resource**: A resource that cannot be extracted nor used directly.
  It's an intermediate set towards the production of end products.

> - **End product**: The final stage of a resource, can be used directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **End product**: A resource that can be used directly for some in-game benefit.
```

### Science pack

An intermediate resource that can be used to research technologies in the _lab_.
Often, many science packs are required to unlock one technology.
Sometimes, science packs are available in different types with different recipes,
different technologies require different science pack types to be unlocked.

**Examples**:

- [Factorio: Science pack](https://wiki.factorio.com/Science_pack)
- [Dyson Sphere Program: Science matrices](https://dyson-sphere-program.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Science_Matrices)

### Train

An entity to efficiently move big amounts of resources over large distances.

> Usually require a much higher upfront investment than _belts_, but are better suited for long distances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually require a much higher upfront investment than _belts_, but are better suited for long distances.
They are high latency, and move goods in clumped bursts.
```
